Methods to filter event data (#527)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: user-guides/how-to-guides/filter-events.mdx

---
# slug: "/docs/user-guides/how-to-guides/how-to-filter-events-using-different-methods"
title: "How to Filter Events using Different Methods"

> description: An easy-to-follow guide on different methods to filter out events before sending them to the specified destinations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An easy-to-follow guide on filtering events before sending them to your specified destinations
```

>  in RudderStack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

---

> # How to Filter Events using Different Methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to Filter Events Before Sending Them to the Specified Destinations
```
